modify device-plugins.md (#24447)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins.md

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.18" state="beta" >}}

> The Topology Manager is a Kubelet component that allows resources to be co-ordinated in a Topology aligned manner. In order to do this, the Device Plugin API was extended to include a `TopologyInfo` struct.

Reviewer: Hello @Yvonnehrr .
Thanks for this pull request. One suggested edit:
```suggestion
The Topology Manager is a kubelet component that allows resources to be coordinated in a Topology aligned manner. In order to do this, the Device Plugin API was extended to include a `TopologyInfo` struct.
```

Author: Thanks for your suggest.  I switch to another account to solve email confict.
